Update README.md (#10)
mikey0000/HA-Luba: README.md

## Roadmap 🗺️

- [x] Bluetooth (BLE) support
- [ ] Wi-Fi support
- [ ] Scheduling
- [ ] Mapping and zone management
- [ ] Firmware updates
- [ ] Automations
- [ ] More...

## Features ✨

- Start and stop the mower
- Monitor the mower's status (e.g., mowing, charging, idle)
- View the mower's battery level
- More features being added all the time!

## Prerequisites 📋

- Home Assistant installed and running
- Mower connected to your home network
- [Bluetooth proxy for Home Assistant](https://esphome.io/components/bluetooth_proxy.html)

## Installation 🛠️

This integration can be installed using [HACS](https://hacs.xyz/)

[![hacs_badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/HACS-Custom-41BDF5.svg?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/hacs/integration)

1. Install the integration via HACS as mentioned above
2. Restart HA
3. Open the Home Assistant web interface.
4. Navigate to "Configuration" > "Integrations".
5. Click on the "+" button in the bottom right corner to add a new integration.
6. Search for "Mammotion" and select it from the list.

> 7. Select your Luba by name when prompted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Select your robot mower by name when prompted.
```
